project manager: Okay . Hi Team . Hope you had a good lunch . marketing: {gap} project manager: {vocalsound} Okay we're back for the conceptual design meeting . Um let's get started . 'Kay , here is the agenda for today's meeting . Um we're gonna open it and I'm gonna keep the minutes as Project Manager . We're gonna have three presentations , one from each of you again . And then we are going to come to decision on the remote control concepts and then we're gonna close it up . And we have forty minutes again . 'Kay , and just to reiterate um after this meeting the team will reach a decision on the concepts of the remote control . Okay . Let's go ahead and start off with your presentations . Who would like to go first ? industrial designer: Just trying to move mine right now . project manager: Okay . Um Courtney would you mind starting us off ? marketing: Yeah {gap} . project manager: Okay . Trend watching ? 'Kay . marketing: Yeah . Okay , so trend watching . Uh since we do put the fashion in electronics , it is kind of important how our product looks . So I guess we can go ahead and go to the next . So what they want . Right now customers want fancy versus functional . Um basically about fifty eight percent of what they {disfmarker} like of the product that they want , describing like the {disfmarker} in order of how much they want , fifty eight per cent of the decision of what it should look like , fancy versus functional , and then it has to also be technologically innovative , and yet easy to use . So the customer basically is confused . They don't know exactly what they want . They want us to tell them . {gap} industrial designer: They want everything , but simply . marketing: Yes . Exactly . industrial designer: {vocalsound} Okay . marketing: So we can go to next . project manager: Mm 'kay . marketing: Okay . So in Milan and Paris recently the trends have been showing that clothing , shoes and furniture are basically just covered with fruits and vegetable patterns . project manager: {vocalsound} industrial designer: {vocalsound} marketing: So I don't know if we want to go with that um and also the spongy feel is in in contrast to last year . I don't know really , I mean I guess the spongy could relate to the buttons if we want to project manager: Mm . Mm . marketing: rather than like a hard clicky button that you find on like some mobiles and stuff , you'd want like a softer touch . I mean do you guys know what I mean . project manager: Right . Yes . industrial designer: {vocalsound} Yeah th marketing: Yeah . Um . But as for the fruits and vegetable patterns , I don't know if we really want to go with that , because it is just a trend , project manager: Right . marketing: and our product we want to stay around for much longer than just a few months , project manager: Right . People don't buy a new remote every so often . industrial designer: {vocalsound} I I can {disfmarker} marketing: because {disfmarker} Yeah . I mean that could just be a Spring thing right now . industrial designer: I can address some of that issue , I think , with uh my presentation . marketing: Okay . Awesome . project manager: Okay . marketing: Um so design preferences , um we need easy to read like large buttons , clearly labelled so that , I mean 'cause we talked about that being a problem . Um and then also buttons illuminating upon touch , you said that in your design , with the bulb . Um and that could also tie in with the colour scheme . Uh we need the Real Reaction logo and colour scheme obviously . That's one of our key goals , we wanna promote our product . user interface: {gap} marketing: And I was thinking about different types of designs and I came up with something . Actually right here . So what we could do is something like an old-fashioned telephone like this , where we put the buttons around , like we'd put a big on-off button or something else in the middle , I mean it could be the arrows or whatever for channel up and down , and then put the numbers around in like an old-fashioned dial shape . 'Cause then it'll appeal to older generation and like said retro's cool . So it's classically retro . project manager: Hmm . marketing: So I mean that's just an idea if you guys like it . project manager: Very good . I like it . {vocalsound} Okay , ready for the next slide ? marketing: {vocalsound} And , yep . And that's it . {vocalsound} project manager: Op mm 'kay . industrial designer: {vocalsound} Okay . project manager: Great . Great presentation . Ready ? user interface: Okay hang on . project manager: 'Kay . user interface: See if it's there . {vocalsound} project manager: Which one is it ? user interface: {vocalsound} I don't know . Hang on . project manager: {gap} user interface: Interface concepts , no ? project manager: Interface concepts new . user interface: Either refresh it , or it sh {disfmarker} project manager: Y user interface: Oh wait , maybe I didn't put it there . Hang on . project manager: 'Kay . industrial designer: Mine will always read copy of something or other . project manager: Sorry ? industrial designer: {vocalsound} I I copied mine before I sent it over . project manager: Oh okay . user interface: Sorry , hang on . Don't know {gap} . project manager: Oh there we go . user interface: Okay . project manager: {gap} user interface: Okay , um {vocalsound} looking at the interface concept , it's gonna be mostly examples of possibilities of where we can go with this . Uh if you wanna start the next slide . project manager: Sure . user interface: Um uh can't really see , but there's two possible ways , on the r left , if you see on th on the sides of of the remote , you have the sort of scroll down , so you have that option right there . And then also there's the idea of the base . That's sort of like an idea there . And then on the right , we have what's really big trend right now , it's the iPod . It's becoming really {gap} and so you have this sort of very very simplistic menu section uh with the round buttons , and it's sort of like you have the both {gap} kind of trendy and hip , but also very sleek and um and very simple , but technologically advanced . So if you wanted to do that th if we could find a way of sort of like {vocalsound} using that idea in a remote control then sort of look into it , but {disfmarker} Anyway , next . project manager: Mm 'kay . user interface: Um there's the idea of like being able to do it by feel as well as by um by sight . You'd you know you're in the dark , you don't wanna be looking at the remote control . And the picture particularly is pointing out if you look at the top volume button it's a V_ , and so yo you're kind of feeling a V_ like volume up . What it really is is a V_ and what it you think it is is down , because the down arrow . project manager: Mm . user interface: And so it's like a sort of a criticism you'd probably turn that o the other way up . Um but then you have {disfmarker} you could either do it by raised type , which could be you know , iffy , um sort of old-fashioned in a way . project manager: Mm . user interface: Either that or just have it by shape , for example you have a specific triangular shape that you know you're looking at the up and down arrow . And then the round ones you sort of feel by , you know , that's the second one down , that sort of thing . So it's sort of looking into how we wanted t to do it by feel . project manager: Okay . user interface: Okay . Um this is sort of an example of going for a s certain demographic . Um this is particularly geared towards children . marketing: That's cute . project manager: {gap} user interface: Um it's very cute , and we could probably change it to yellow , bright yellow for like a the for the company logo . Um and you have the shapes and it's very simplistic and friendly looking . Um and then the other thing that it would be able to do is just to pro be ab you program certain {disfmarker} {vocalsound} channels that only these children would watch , so it's like they ch watch , you know , the C_ Beebies or something like that , project manager: {vocalsound} user interface: uh keep them away from other channels . So that's like another ar Um , project manager: Okay . user interface: I mean , these are three examples sort of looking at it . You have the wider section for the main controls there . Uh you could see how many buttons there are . And then on the left you have an example of the round buttons , and a simpler design . On the bottom we probably wouldn't need that , because it's more for like a D_V_D_ {vocalsound} function which we are not gonna be using . Um . So again it's sort of like just give you ideas and then down at the bottom you have the logos and that's where you could put the R_R_ , Real Reaction . project manager: 'Kay . user interface: And then finally these are like the sort of same examples , but also some more , just possibilities that we could go with . None of them I'm particularly keen on by the way . {vocalsound} industrial designer: Hmm . marketing: Yeah . project manager: No . user interface: {vocalsound} {vocalsound} But it's sort of like just taking aspects out of that and saying , well out of this one we like , you know the round section of um , b or we'd like the the button size on this . project manager: Mm . Or I like , you know , the black finish or the silver finish or whatever . marketing: {vocalsound} user interface: Right . marketing: I have four of those remotes . project manager: {vocalsound} Good lord . user interface: {vocalsound} marketing: {vocalsound} project manager: {vocalsound} Okay . Ready ? Oh , yeah . Okay . user interface: That's it . project manager: Great job . industrial designer: Okay , my turn . project manager: Okay . marketing: {vocalsound} Okay . industrial designer: Whoo . project manager: What's the title ? industrial designer: It'll be copy of component design . project manager: Got it . industrial designer: Yeah . Th that looks like it . 'Kay . So basic remote operation runs as follows , press button makes connection with the power source and the rest of the circuit , chip senses the connection , chip produces a morse code infra-red signal , specific to that button . So you press the button , it produces uh a signal that's encoded specifically for that button . Transistors amplify that signal and it goes to the T_V_'s centre , which interprets the signal response accordingly , changes channel etcetera . So that being said {disfmarker} Next slide , please . Findings oh which were the required materials for the basic internal construction , so all the really simplistic functions that we just discussed , we need rubber for buttons , aluminium for battery y contacts , integrated circuit which consists of a diode , transistor , resonator , resistors , and a capacitator , all those basic things that make a circuit function . Um fibreglass and thin copper wire to create the actual circuit board itself . An L_E_D_ , which is a light emitting diode , um contact discs for the buttons , plastic for the casing , and a power-source , whatever power-source we've actually determined we want . Next slide , please . Thank you . Uh personal preferences , uh to save money for the components , the remote should be mass-produced and basic materials should be bought en masse . Um if we find another company who can produce the required chips , casing , L_E_D_ , any additional materials we decide we require at a less expensive rate than we ourselves are producing , we should go for it . {vocalsound} Next slide , please . Um just talking to the um manufacturing division . They suggested power options , solar cells , hand dynamo , and kinetic power , so you shake it and it increases the power . Um I'm not sure how the hand dynamo works , they have yet to get back to me on that . project manager: Hmm . industrial designer: So next slide , please . project manager: Interesting . industrial designer: Suggested casing options . Okay . We can offer options for casing such as straight , curved , double-curved , you know , very specific to the customer . Options for materials , plastic , rubber , titanium , wood . project manager: {gap} industrial designer: I don't think anyone's gonna go for a wood one , because splinters {disfmarker} marketing: That would be amazing , though , yeah . project manager: {vocalsound} industrial designer: Yeah . user interface: {gap} marketing: No , splinters would {disfmarker} industrial designer: {vocalsound} Um certain restrictions do apply here though . Uh latex , you can't do solar power with a latex one . So , if they want some a soft squishy rubber , they can't have the solar powered option . Double-curved , you can't do titanium . marketing: What is that ? industrial designer: Um that would be two curvatures , so it would actually , if you {disfmarker} the shape of your hand , you curve here and you curve here , so you could have two curves that match the shape of your hand to make it more comfortable to hold . project manager: Mm . marketing: Mm . industrial designer: Now if you wanted that , you can't do titanium . And uh so you {gap} functions what {disfmarker} for the buttons , scrolling function could be very beneficial to us instead of actual buttons themselves . user interface: Right . project manager: 'Kay . industrial designer: I think I have one more slide . project manager: No , okay . industrial designer: No , I didn't . Um the manufacturing division also has said that um {vocalsound} they have several types of chips and they've just developed a sample sensor or sample speaker chip , which we could utilise . Um push button requires a simple chip and scroll requires more complicated chip . So depends on what we decide we wanna do . In addition to that if we're offering all those different options to the customer for producing their remote , we're going to have to have multiples of each type , like a double-curved in rubber , um you know , each option should have a certain select number produced with all those options . So we'll have to mix it up , make sure we produce enough of everyone . But that could also drive up the price of the actual remote itself if they know that we only produced five thousand , you know , double-curved wooden remotes . project manager: Mm . marketing: Right . project manager: Hmm . marketing: Okay . project manager: Okay . Alright , industrial designer: And that's all I got . project manager: well thank you for those informative presentations . Let's go back to um {disfmarker} Now we have to make some decisions . Where were we ? user interface: Let me just add one more thing that I couldn't say before , project manager: Sure . user interface: and that's just that there's the new technology that they've developed on the voice recognition . Um . marketing: Oh this {disfmarker} the thing we were talking about earlier . user interface: Right except that it's sort of odd , and I'm no not exactly sure why they are explaining it in the way they are , um there's a sample sensor and there's a sample speaker unit for {disfmarker} So , you would say like , good morning , coffeemaker , and it would respond , good morning , Jill , project manager: {vocalsound} user interface: but I'm not sure exactly how it's gonna work , 'cause do you programme {disfmarker} do we program the responses and the questions . So does that mean that the user then has to ask the specific question , and can't change it in order for it to be recognised , project manager: Mm . user interface: or can it be altered in a certain way , or does the actually user program it , to say a channel means this . project manager: Right . Right . marketing: Yeah , like using the menu to be like , enter your name into the screen like on the menu options . user interface: Right , marketing: So that way the remote reads it . user interface: so it's got like a limited memory and {gap} programme it . So it's sort of iffy , project manager: Mm . user interface: but that's kind of what you'd say . marketing: I feel like voice recognition would be , I don't know , w it would be too hard to really {disfmarker} project manager: Hmm . Programme . marketing: I mean we could do it , but {disfmarker} project manager: If it's within our price to get that kind of chip that would , you know , technology {disfmarker} industrial designer: {vocalsound} Well , we are making the chip . marketing: Technology . project manager: Hmm . industrial designer: So , I mean {disfmarker} But , I guess , we have to look at w what {vocalsound} our production cost is for the chip itself anyway . marketing: And it is a growing trend , the higher technological , like project manager: Mm . industrial designer: Yeah . marketing: the , I mean just like the more advanced it is , industrial designer: Yeah . marketing: the better it'll sell . industrial designer: I I thought {vocalsound} offering some of those options for different materials that it could be made of different , you know {disfmarker} I think we'd have to decide on the power options , maybe . project manager: Hmm . industrial designer: So that we could reduce cost . marketing: Yeah , 'cause we need to know how big it's gonna be and how heavy . {gap} industrial designer: Yeah . project manager: Okay , that kind of brings us to this , let's let's see if we can decide what kind of energy source we want to have first and foremost . Um . industrial designer: Okay . project manager: Do we wanna go for batteries or a stand like the one that we saw illustrated earlier ? marketing: Oh the base , yeah . project manager: The base , the charging base with rechargeable batteries ? industrial designer: I think the p user interface: I always feel like first I wanna know what it looks like , before {disfmarker} project manager: Hmm . user interface: 'Cause if it's something really really small , then it's sort of harder to imagine a base for it , that was p quite a s substantial size sort of standing up {disfmarker} project manager: Yeah , and we don't have multiple things that it has to control , it just has to control the T_V_ . marketing: W project manager: It's not gonna be a huge universal remote . user interface: Right . marketing: We need to decide , well so we can figure how big it's gonna be , like exactly what buttons we want project manager: What size battery and {disfmarker} user interface: Well , the other thing is like even if it's got a few buttons , so we want it to be bigger than this , marketing: and exactly {disfmarker} It could be like this . Yes . user interface: 'cause it still fits in your hand , so you still wanted something that's comfortable and substantial , but not necessarily full of buttons . marketing: I'd , well uh {disfmarker} This one is really comfortable , like I like the sides whatever , user interface: Are you gonna lose it easier ? marketing: because {disfmarker} But if we have the um , the locator , then we don't have to worry about that . industrial designer: That's true . marketing: So we can make it small if we have a l locating device . user interface: Yeah . industrial designer: If we do a voice-activated locator , though , we're gonna be looking at a more substantial chip . So {disfmarker} user interface: So i That's the other thing , marketing: Hmm . user interface: it's like {disfmarker} You know {gap} Are we gonna have certain chips that are gonna require bigger size {vocalsound} period ? marketing: Two double A_s , for this size . user interface: But like , you know , if we get more complicated then it's gonna v be {disfmarker} have to be bigger to just accommodate the chip size . marketing: Right . industrial designer: Honestly , I think the customer would be kind of irritated by the fact that it has a base if we did do a nice small , compact {disfmarker} project manager: Right . I agree , it's either gonna be bigger with a base or smaller with just {disfmarker} marketing: Yeah . user interface: So we sh marketing: Smaller , without {disfmarker} project manager: A battery like this guy . marketing: Yeah . industrial designer: Mm yeah . user interface: Yeah . project manager: Alright , so what direction do you want to go in ? You wanna vote ? marketing: I think if we had a a locating device with the small one , I think that seems way more advanced . project manager: I'm kind of I'm kind of leaning in the direction of this kind of industrial designer: Yeah . user interface: I'm a away from the base . project manager: bigger and the base . user interface: Yeah . marketing: Yeah . project manager: That just seems so clunky and {disfmarker} industrial designer: 'Kay so {disfmarker} marketing: Yeah , because I mean if even looking at cellphones right now , those trends the smaller the hotter it is , user interface: Smaller and smaller , yeah , yeah , yeah . {vocalsound} project manager: Okay . marketing: yeah {disfmarker} industrial designer: The only problem with that is if you forget to take it out of your pocket and it goes in wash . user interface: {vocalsound} You're kidding . marketing: {vocalsound} Oh . project manager: {vocalsound} industrial designer: {vocalsound} You know it happens . project manager: Hmm . user interface: {vocalsound} industrial designer: I've had three watches go that way too . marketing: Yeah . project manager: {vocalsound} user interface: Oh watches I've {disfmarker} but I've never washed a cell phone . {vocalsound} marketing: Ouch . A phone , whoa , that would {disfmarker} wow , that would hurt . project manager: Okay , so what kind of material do we want to be made out of ? industrial designer: Pieces everywhere . Well , we have lots of options . I don't think wood is a viable option . marketing: Yeah wood . project manager: No . Oh what did you {disfmarker} user interface: Well , titanium s project manager: Oh sorry , go ahead . user interface: I was saying that titanium , if we're being restricted then I would probably {vocalsound} lean away from that . marketing: Yeah , 'cause if it's gonna cost us more to produce a chip , titanium will be more expensive . project manager: Right . industrial designer: However , project manager: What would you recommend ? industrial designer: well , we only wanna sell it for twenty five Euro marketing: Yeah . industrial designer: right ? 'Cause I was thinking if we wanted to get the high in market then you could produce a few in titanium , user interface: Yeah . That'll {disfmarker} Yeah , exactly . project manager: Mm . industrial designer: make them a rarity so to speak . user interface: The selling point , yeah . marketing: We could do that , because all our research shows that people are definitely willing to spend more if {disfmarker} industrial designer: Yeah . user interface: Are we restricted by this ? project manager: I I think we should just focus on one design and one concept right now.I'm industrial designer: Well the original {disfmarker} user interface: Twenty five Euros project manager: not sure that we'll have the time and money to {vocalsound} produce a whole array of industrial designer: Okay . user interface: {gap} project manager: remotes . If this was a successful remote , we might then produce a higher end version of it , I think . industrial designer: Yeah . Good plan . marketing: Good plan . project manager: Okay , so we wanna go for plastic , or what would you recommend for materials ? industrial designer: Honestly I'd recommend like um {disfmarker} project manager: Hmm . industrial designer: uh since we're going with batteries instead of solar power , I'd recommend maybe a uh soft like latex , project manager: {gap} industrial designer: because we could produce , you know how cellphones have those overlays that you can change the colour . project manager: Mm-hmm . industrial designer: We could do uh one that fits in with the trends of the year so , marketing: Oh . project manager: Mm . industrial designer: because this year is all fruit , God only knows why , user interface: {vocalsound} marketing: Yeah , who knows . industrial designer: um we could do f a cherry cover for this year and then i if next year is stripes or solids , you know {disfmarker} project manager: Okay . user interface: So you're talking about like when it leaves our salesroom then it's all gonna be cherry-coloured or is it gonna be the kinda thing where people come back and swap it ? marketing: O or we could like take off this . project manager: They could buy cases , maybe , industrial designer: They could come back . And buy the extra case . project manager: if they wanted . user interface: Okay . project manager: I think it's good to sell a basic thing and then sell options . industrial designer: So we could do like a b a hard base plastic , and then we could {vocalsound} give two latex covers to start . marketing: Yeah . user interface: The {disfmarker} what the top face , right ? marketing: {vocalsound} Yeah . project manager: Okay . Okay . marketing: Yeah , because the soft latex definitely is squishy . That's in . Well I mean squishier than like , yeah , just a hard plastic . project manager: Right . Right . Okay , and what kind of chip would we need for this guy ? industrial designer: How complicated {disfmarker} Are we gonna go with the voice activated {disfmarker} user interface: Yeah . project manager: I don't think we should do voice , I think we should just do um the recognition for when it's lost , you know . {gap} could we {disfmarker} user interface: A tracker , yeah . project manager: Yeah . marketing: 'Cause that uh {disfmarker} what it type of , yeah , for voice activation would it be like a certain term what we would say like , project manager: Hmm . marketing: because people could just be talking and we don't want it going off all the time . project manager: Right . industrial designer: Well , we could give it a specific code , you know , remote missing . marketing: So uh {disfmarker} Ooh . project manager: {vocalsound} marketing: Uh see I'm uh I'm strangely attracted to it , because I know that's {disfmarker} it's definitely gonna be big , because it's , I don't know , it's just so high-tech . user interface: Well , my little sister got {disfmarker} for Christmas she got one of those key finders that's like a key-ring , and you have to whistle in a certain frequency for it to work . industrial designer: Yeah , see that would just irritate me . user interface: And then she would laugh and it would start going off in her purse , and you couldn't turn it off . project manager: Oh dear . marketing: Oh , user interface: So it became highly irritating . marketing: then maybe voice project manager: Okay . industrial designer: So I think having a key-phrase is much better . marketing: maybe voice activation won't be good . project manager: Okay . Alright . But it's not gonna be voice activated in the fact that you would say , channel up , and it would work , right ? marketing: Yeah , n n no , we just want it to be a finder . project manager: Just a {disfmarker} industrial designer: No . user interface: But then it {disfmarker} project manager: Okay , alright . user interface: Hmm . Okay . marketing: But do {disfmarker} can your {disfmarker} can the department make {disfmarker} industrial designer: That would be like a mid-class um {disfmarker} Yeah . marketing: Oh , brilliant then . industrial designer: So we don't actually have to go for {disfmarker} Well , if they've just developed the sample sensor , sample speaker , it's a brand new chip . project manager: No . industrial designer: Why not introduce it in this way ? project manager: Mm 'kay . marketing: Yeah , good point . project manager: Uh and what size batteries , double A_ , triple A_ ? marketing: I think triple A_ , it'll be lighter . project manager: Two ? Could it run off of two {disfmarker} marketing: I mean more more come in a package . user interface: Well , that depends on what the energy is needed . marketing: Yeah . industrial designer: I think , well , we could d r do two or we could do one small lithium , 'cause you know the lithium batteries are doing quite well in most other electronic products , right ? So they're more widely available now . And they also have a longer battery life than most batteries . project manager: They're more expensive though , too . industrial designer: But if you only have to replace it every five years . project manager: Mm . Thoughts anybody ? marketing: That's a good point . user interface: As long as we sell it with it . industrial designer: Well , how about a initial , you get one battery when you buy it , user interface: Right , that's what I meant . industrial designer: 'cause I'm pretty sure we can get them pretty cheap on bulk . marketing: We could think about it and come back to it next meeting . project manager: Okay . Yeah . Alright . industrial designer: Yeah . marketing: We still have one more meeting . project manager: Okay . So we've covered that first category , User Interface Concept , meaning design . user interface: What's it gonna {disfmarker} Yeah , what's it gonna look like . project manager: Okay . I ki I kind of {vocalsound} like your idea about the retro phone dial , user interface: Um . project manager: and that {disfmarker} the central button could have , maybe our logo on it ? It might be the four way scroll , too . I mean if {disfmarker} marketing: Yeah , it could be whatever , project manager: Yeah . marketing: as long as there's something big in the middle , because like the old phones , there's like that just like piece of metal or like a picture or something in the middle . project manager: Yeah . Mm-hmm . user interface: Well , my issue with that is if it got too big though , 'cause if you have the circle and the button in the middle , then is it gonna get wider than your your hands are , project manager: Mm . marketing: Oh , that's true . user interface: because w And then would the buttons be too small if it was enough to fit on it ? marketing: Good point . industrial designer: In the sample ones that you showed us there was one that had the scroll buttons on the side , project manager: Yeah . industrial designer: which I think if we make it curved like a hand like a hand-shape like if we put the the scroll-button on the side , user interface: Yeah . project manager: Oh , I see what you mean . industrial designer: that could be particularly useful . project manager: I think so . marketing: So scroll buttons on the side and then buttons on top ? project manager: Yeah , I like that . 'Kay . marketing: But we definitely {disfmarker} If we have scroll things on the side , we definitely have to have 'em labelled . project manager: Mm . marketing: Yeah , industrial designer: Well , if it's just up and down {disfmarker} marketing: like on the side of it . Oh if it's just up and down . user interface: But is that for {disfmarker} {gap} industrial designer: Volume or channel . user interface: Which ? industrial designer: {vocalsound} I don't know . marketing: Well , you could do some on both sides . user interface: Do we have both sides ? project manager: Can we ? industrial designer: Mm yeah . We should probably make it that you have to depress it to activate it then , project manager: So that you're just not holding it and it changes the chan marketing: Yeah . industrial designer: 'cause oth {vocalsound} otherwise you're not just holding it and going like this , you know . marketing: That's squishy . That's squishy . user interface: Well , the other option is in instead of a scroll you just have the buttons up on the side which are on the side . marketing: {gap} have buttons . project manager: Mm . Yeah . industrial designer: Okay . marketing: Yeah , {gap} that . project manager: Hmm . 'Kay any other ideas ? user interface: Um what colour ? project manager: Oh , yeah . Latex covers . W industrial designer: {vocalsound} We have to make sure that logo always sticks out when we put the latex covers on , so we'll have to like have a little square or something , so that the our logo's available . user interface: Well I sort of like having the a yellow strip at the bottom with the R_R_ like that . And that's at the bottom of it . marketing: Yeah . project manager: I think maybe we should do it on a b button itself though , because if people are able to change the covers , user interface: Which button ? project manager: I don't know , maybe the on-off button , something , some {disfmarker} the menu button , I don't know , but you know if we're gonna put our company logo on there and somebody could just get another one . Are they all gonna have our company logo on them ? Every cover ? industrial designer: Yeah , I don't think we should do that , because that would just be icky . project manager: Yeah . industrial designer: So I think maybe putting it on a button is probably a good idea . project manager: If we want it to be visible and {disfmarker} Um are all those {disfmarker} those one that you showed where they were um s met silver-metallic looking ? But those are plastic , right ? user interface: Yeah . project manager: They're not titanium . user interface: Yeah . project manager: I kind of like that look . Uh but , or if it was really {disfmarker} industrial designer: For our base one ? {vocalsound} project manager: Yeah , for the base or if we're going for the retro look , I think , like a really shiny black would be cool . marketing: Yeah , project manager: What are your thoughts ? marketing: or like a gun-metal grey , project manager: Gun-metal gray . marketing: 'cause then it combines the silver and the black . project manager: There you go , gun-metal gray . user interface: {vocalsound} I'm just really wary of the putting anything on a button . project manager: Why ? industrial designer: It'll wear off . {vocalsound} user interface: What's the button {disfmarker} marketing: Yeah , buttons wear off . project manager: Mm . user interface: Well , w w then what's the button do , and how do you know that that is what the button does ? I guess . Just looking at examples , y you just don't ever see the logo on a button , it's always on the actual casing . project manager: Right . marketing: Hmm . industrial designer: There's nothing saying that we have to put the logo on the front of the actual {disfmarker} user interface: {vocalsound} project manager: On the back ? user interface: But you don't {disfmarker} marketing: But we want it to be seen . project manager: It d visible {disfmarker} user interface: But uh , yeah , you don't see it . project manager: Visibility though {disfmarker} marketing: We need it to be seen . project manager: 'Cause if it was only on the back really the only time you're gonna see it is when you drop it or when you're changing the battery . user interface: Well , hang on . The other option is {vocalsound} , I don't know if you can see it but it's like if {disfmarker} project manager: I can find it again . user interface: Yeah , it's like the second to last slide . project manager: Okay . And yours was called Interface Concept ? user interface: Interface , yeah . project manager: This one ? user interface: Yeah . Um . project manager: Well , for some reason I can't get it to just go to that slide directly . user interface: {vocalsound} Okay , it's the very right one . You see at the bottom , it's kind of difficult to see , but you have like a d sort of s division between the bottom like , where the logo is , and if we have the replaceable section , it's like the top . It doesn't necessarily replace the entire top . project manager: Mm user interface: And so you have that one piece that stays and the rest just sort of clips in . project manager: Okay , yes user interface: If c you envisioning it ? project manager: yes . user interface: And so that stays the same when you have the logo , and then you have this s slip that kinda clips in and that's the bit that changes . project manager: Okay . industrial designer: The only problem is we're using a latex overlay so {gap} it actually would go over top of everything and have holes for the buttons , user interface: Hmm . industrial designer: so I was thinking maybe instead of doing that what we could do is leave a space for where the logo should be . user interface: Yeah . Yeah , yeah . project manager: Like a little cut-out kind of {disfmarker} industrial designer: Yeah . user interface: Right . project manager: Okay . user interface: That's like , you know , {gap} a a cellphone it's like the the screen is always just left opened . marketing: Right . user interface: And so , what we are gonna do it like bright yellow with the R_R_ ? marketing: Yeah . project manager: Anybody see anything that they liked in these ones ? marketing: Some of tho Well , some of those buttons though are blue-based . project manager: Mm . marketing: Um well , a lot of those buttons are blue-based . project manager: Mm . marketing: Well , kind of . Um and then if v we do have them illuminate upon contact , they could illuminate yellow . user interface: Yellow . project manager: Yellow , I like that idea . user interface: Yeah . marketing: Like if we {vocalsound} like the one all the way on the left , uh you ca you can see it on your computer better . project manager: Mm . marketing: Um where the button is actually blue , but the number itself is clear or white or whatever so if you pressed it would illuminate yellow . project manager: Mm . marketing: So we'd have blue and yellow for the touch buttons . user interface: Oh , that one . project manager: I like the yellow illumination idea , very good . marketing: Yeah . project manager: Okay . Any other ideas or thoughts ? We all seem to be fairly in agreement about what we wanna do with this project so {disfmarker} user interface: Um . Ha hang on {gap} {vocalsound} Let me catch up . marketing: Mm yeah . project manager: 'Kay . user interface: Did we finalise what buttons we're including or we {gap} just everything that we said before ? project manager: I think there will be time for that later . I'm guessing . 'Kay , well we're gonna wrap this up . Um next meeting is gonna start in thirty minutes , and here's what we're each of us going to do . The I_D_ is going to do the look and feel design , the U_I_D_ the user interface design . I think you're going to get a lot of , I mean , the final say on what buttons get put {disfmarker} We'll all talk about it , but I think , that's pretty much what you're gonna do , right ? user interface: Yeah . {vocalsound} project manager: I guess . 'Kay . And you're gonna do some product evaluation . Okay , and right now , the I_D_ and U_I_D_ , you two are going to work together on a prototype using modelling clay . {vocalsound} Yeah . industrial designer: Great . Play Doh . user interface: Fun . {vocalsound} project manager: Okay , and you should all be getting an email pretty soon . Alright . Well , thank you for a very productive meeting . industrial designer: Wonderful Ooh .